Singletons (#7863)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/docs/apis/schema.md

The `description` option defines a string that will be used as a description in the Admin UI and GraphQL API docs.
This option can be individually overridden by the `graphql.description` or `ui.description` options.

## isSingleton

> The `isSingleton` flag sets whether there should only ever be one of an item. Setting it to true ensures only one item can be created or read on the list, makes some updates to the admin UI, and defaults graphql queries so you can leave off your `where` option for singletons, as we default it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `isSingleton` flag defines if a list should limit the number of list items to `0 | 1`, and adjusts the user interface configuration to default to the item view.
GraphQL queries default the `*UniqueWhereFilter` to only refer to an item with `id: 1` (the default for a singleton item). 
```
